so before we start this video let's just
make one thing clear a lot of you guys
have been asking me how sub when do the
playoffs begin they start tomorrow my
friends on the face cam so get ready for
that so this is the first video of the
day this will be one more after my team
video but this kind of is we're going to
be talking about the all-star reserves
they have finally been announced
yesterday I was in school all day so I
really couldn't make a video on it but
you know a lot of you guys might already
know who they are some of you guys
actually might not so this video is
gonna be perfect give you guys my
thoughts and I definitely know you guys
have some thoughts too cuz a lot of
people believe that some people who
should have been in the old star game
aren't so let's start off with the
Eastern Conference reserves and by the
way this is the debut of Penny Hardaway
he's a beast and I'm playing my friend
in this game place so all right what do
we got we got Chris Bosh we got DeMar
DeRozan we got Roy Hibbert's we got Joe
Johnson we got Paul Millsap we got John
Wall with his first appearance and we
also have Joakim Noah ok on the Western
Conference we got LaMarcus Aldridge we
got Dwight Howard not a surprise we got
James Harden we got Damian Lillard his
first appearance Dirk Nowitzki Tony
Parker and of course Chris Paul so that
it you know that this reserves so those
are the people who are going to be
coming off the bench this year in the
all-star game and I know a lot of people
have many diverse opinions so you know I
took a moment ago on Twitter yesterday I
always going toward let's be real and a
lot of you guys were pissed and some of
you guys weren't something you guys were
content but some of you guys really felt
that people really got snubbed and for
example let's see Anthony Davis who's
having a spectacular season bro 21
points 10 rebounds and like you know a
lot of blocks that's crazy because he
got like an 88 block game the other day
so you know I really felt that he would
get in and a lot a lot of big
contributors for teams and look at penny
hardaway making fries or tues I don't
know we have David Lee who's been
playing tremendously in the Golden State
Warriors I feel like he should I you
know got in same with Chandler Parsons
woodsman you know he'd really
contributed hard
to the Rockets Chandler Parsons was
playing great and look at Penny Hardaway
I'm loving this dude so you know I
really feel that there were some players
in the NBA really did deserve and those
are just some of the players and I know
there's so many of you who agree with
that of course but also agree that
there's other players who should have
got in i still have more names so beside
Anthony Davis who I really felt like he
should have got in we got people like
Kyle Lowry who's killing it but we also
got project this dude for the Phoenix
Suns their point guard since blood so
has been injured his legit been killing
it bro it's still a possibility he might
get in because I believe Kobe's not
playing anymore you know but he really
deserves to at least been named a
reserve bro this guy you know
statistically he's playing his best game
of all time of course he's getting
career highs like it's nothing look at
Dennis Scott finally all these crazy in
this game and you know it's just crazy
to believe that Dragic didn't make them
and Anthony Davis didn't make it and
that's exactly why I love making videos
like these because I love hearing your
opinions so we already got the starting
lineup okay I also feel like Monta Ellis
was having a really strong year and Dirk
got its you know Dirk's a beast straight
up these Hall of Famer for sure but I
don't know hasn't hasn't Monta Ellis
been having a better season I know dirt
you know when old school got like 38
points the other day which is amazing
but I don't know I haven't been watching
enough maverick games to tell but it's
just really crazy to see it's seriously
it didn't say to see Anthony Davis gonna
get it that's probably the biggest snub
and I actually you know read a lot of
articles and they all agreed that
Anthony Davis was the biggest nut
because he should have got it like
easily and Steph Curry in this game is
absolutely atrocious and a crazy good
way he's that good he's that good in
this game but yeah that's basically it
for this video team STG I really wanted
to ask you guys in the comments down
below cuz that's what's always that
right I want to ask you guys who do you
think should have been an all-star
reserve and didn't get the opportunity
don't forget it let me know in the
comments down below cuz look that's
that's where it all counts I love
hearing this I mean a lot of you guys
raise your voices in opinions for the
start or some of you guys believe that
some people shouldn't have been starters
and you know I agree with some of the
comments so i love you to the cabinets
and
don't worry team STG the playoffs are
coming tomorrow I wouldn't be bogus and
you know delay like four days so they're
going to come out tomorrow I'm going to
be doing them right after this one more
video coming out today our crazy
challenge the crazy challenge you've
ever seen it's gonna be a lot of fun but
yep don't forget it let me know in the
comments down below your thoughts first
and foremost other reserves and then of
course the reserves that you thought
should have got in so hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you didn't go
ahead and give it a thumbs up and I'll
see you guys very soon have a go of my
friends peace